k8s services:
    Specifically:
        Huginn
        Patrowl
        Monica
        bitwarden
        Valheim
        pydio
        freshrss
        calibre
        vault
        exportarr
            https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/12530
        web terminal emulator -- butterfly?
            possibly plus a bunch of built-in SSH
        readarr, apparently (Patrick says it works for manga)
    Need to decide / spec:
        some kind of notes server -- markdown?
        proxy?
        some kind of git? gitea?
        project management / ticketing / todo?
        elk?
        deepspeed / kubeflow
            cheap gpus rescued from chinese miners?
        argo / tekton?
        background cycling extension for heimdall
            there's already a spot for this in the sidecar, just need to figure out an image source
            I think heimdall only centers the image, doesn't like to scale. Change CSS somehow? Scale at download time?
        devdocs
            good, but low coverage. Maybe can be tweaked to include what I care about? submit a PR?

SSO
    Okay so "authproxy" kinda works
    Issues:
        - I still have no idea how to query userinfo properly (how to get a token)
            - keycloak keeps sending me massive jwts for access_token and I'm not sure that's what I want
        - Or how to refresh credentials / check with keycloak that a user is still authorized for a thing
            - authproxy generates a token which is valid for the lifecycle of the authproxy application
            - have it expire periodically? I'm not sure how transparent the authentication thing is
                - say someone requests, like, some js file, with a freshly expired validation token -- can the browser carry out the auth token flow in the background?
                - I don't think so -- what happens if it requires login?
                - I guess if it requires login then it's a good thing if it 401's
    - todo protected ingress
        - heimdall
            - still not sure if I want this

nginx
    Current nginx is from  https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/
    TODO: use version from https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/
        helm?
    Apparently that has some nice stats exported to prometheus?

grafana
    container cron job?
        cadvisor does a decent job now but the per-pod name is ridiculous, I want more stats, and really things should be grouped by deployment anyway
        Maybe a cron job could aggregate something useful and stuff it back into prometheus?
        Not sure what's best practices here
    custom dashboards
        Because of the aforementioned pod name issue the legends are way too massive and shrink the usable graph space
        Could be fixed by moving things to show at the bottom instead of right, but that means editing dashboard json, and that means not using the gnet version
        Getting them via gnet id is nice because of the massive terraform diff problem but I had a mechanism to use locally saved json via terraform file()

hardlinks
    Apparently readarr works?
    'hardlinker' is fine for general purpose stuff though
        need to add to heimdall
            need a logo
